Build AI powered solutions by using microsoft aure database for postgresql.

Azure ai extension:
	It is a tool created by postgreSQL team at microsoft that provides seamless
integration between your azure database for postgreSQL flexible server and azure AI and machine
learning services.
	Azure_ai extension enables seamless integration of generative AI capabalities.
Generative AI language model:
	1.Natural Language Understanding
	2.semantic search and query expansion
	3.content generation
	4.sentiment analysis
	5.Location based recommendations
 	6.Personalizatiom
	7.Dynamic ranking and scoring.

Before using azure_ai extension,it must be allowed and installed with the database,
	1. Allowlist configuration - Add the extension to your allowlist by running show azure.extensions.
	2.Installation - Connect to your target database and execute the following command to install extension,
		CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS azure_ai;
Once installed, the extension creates four schemas within database,
	azure_ai - configuration table and function for interacting with extension.
	azure_cognitive - functions and composite types related to azure cognitive services 
	azure_ml - functions related to azure machine learning inference
	azure_openai - functions related to azure openAI.
To configure the extension, provide the necessary endpoints and API keys for authentication,
	1.setting values
	azure_ai.set_setting() function allows you to set various configuration values
	2.Retrieving settings
	azure_ai.get_setting() function lets you retrieve the values you previously set using set_setting().
To install vector extension using the create extion command by,
		CREATE EXTENSION IF NOT EXISTS vector;

	Deploy resources into azure subscription,

	1.Select cloud shell in azure portal toolbar to open a new cloudshell at the bottom of browser window,open bash shell.
	2. In azure portal, navigate to newly created azure database for postgresql flexible server.
	3. In the resouce menu, under settings, select database and select connect for the rental database.
	
	Install and configure the azure_ai extension

	show azure.extensions;
	create extension if not exists azure_ai;

configure the connection to your azure openAI account,
	
	Go to keys and endpoints and copy the keys and endpoints that is shown.
	Then open the cloudshell and use the command
		 SELECT azure_ai.set_setting('azure_openai.endpoint', '{endpoint}');
To enable the vector extension, need to run the command in the cloud shell
	 CREATE EXTENSION vector;


ASSESSMENT:

		